# Rust API client for tx-sitter-client

> [!CAUTION]
> This whole client is generated. Please read README in top directory of repo.

A transaction relayer service!

## Operating a relayer
Below is a guide on using this service. Note that septs 1 through 4 require authentication using HTTP Basic auth. Using swagger explorer make sure to click the authorize button and use the correct credentials. Default dev creds are `admin:admin`.

### 1. Setup a network
tx-sitter keeps track of supported networks in its internal database. In order to be able to create any relayers at least one network must be present. To add a network use the `POST /1/admin/networks/:chain_id` endpoint.

To see the list of currently added networks use the `GET /1/admin/networks` endpoint.

### 2. Create a relayer
A relayer is an abstraction layer on top of a private key stored locally (for testing purposes only!) or using a secrets manager (currently only AWS KMS is supported).

To create a relayer use the `POST /1/admin/relayer` endpoint. The data returned will contain a relayer id, make sure to copy it to the clipboard.

### 3. Create an API key
By itself a relayer is not very useful. In order to send transactions one must create an API key. To do that use the `POST /1/admin/relayer/:relayer_id/key` endpoint. **Make sure to copy the API key from the response. It's not possible to recover it!** But it's always possible to create a new one.

### 4. Use the API key
Once an API keys has been created it's possible to use the relayer api to, among other things, send transactions.

You can use the `POST /1/api/:api_token/tx` endpoint to create a transaction.



## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 0.1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `tx-sitter-client` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
tx-sitter-client = { path = "./tx-sitter-client" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:3000*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AdminV1Api* | [**create_network**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#create_network) | **POST** /1/admin/network/{chain_id} | Create Network
*AdminV1Api* | [**create_relayer**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#create_relayer) | **POST** /1/admin/relayer | Create Relayer
*AdminV1Api* | [**get_networks**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#get_networks) | **GET** /1/admin/networks | Get Networks
*AdminV1Api* | [**get_relayer**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#get_relayer) | **GET** /1/admin/relayer/{relayer_id} | Get Relayer
*AdminV1Api* | [**get_relayers**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#get_relayers) | **GET** /1/admin/relayers | Get Relayers
*AdminV1Api* | [**relayer_create_api_key**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#relayer_create_api_key) | **POST** /1/admin/relayer/{relayer_id}/key | Create Relayer API Key
*AdminV1Api* | [**reset_relayer**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#reset_relayer) | **POST** /1/admin/relayer/{relayer_id}/reset | Reset Relayer transactions
*AdminV1Api* | [**update_relayer**](docs/AdminV1Api.md#update_relayer) | **POST** /1/admin/relayer/{relayer_id} | Update Relayer
*RelayerV1Api* | [**call_rpc**](docs/RelayerV1Api.md#call_rpc) | **POST** /1/api/{api_token}/rpc | Relayer RPC
*RelayerV1Api* | [**create_transaction**](docs/RelayerV1Api.md#create_transaction) | **POST** /1/api/{api_token}/tx | Send Transaction
*RelayerV1Api* | [**get_transaction**](docs/RelayerV1Api.md#get_transaction) | **GET** /1/api/{api_token}/tx/{tx_id} | Get Transaction
*RelayerV1Api* | [**get_transactions**](docs/RelayerV1Api.md#get_transactions) | **GET** /1/api/{api_token}/txs | Get Transactions
*ServiceApi* | [**health**](docs/ServiceApi.md#health) | **GET** /health | Health


## Documentation For Models

 - [CreateApiKeyResponse](docs/CreateApiKeyResponse.md)
 - [CreateRelayerRequest](docs/CreateRelayerRequest.md)
 - [CreateRelayerResponse](docs/CreateRelayerResponse.md)
 - [GetTxResponse](docs/GetTxResponse.md)
 - [JsonRpcVersion](docs/JsonRpcVersion.md)
 - [NetworkInfo](docs/NetworkInfo.md)
 - [NewNetworkInfo](docs/NewNetworkInfo.md)
 - [RelayerGasPriceLimit](docs/RelayerGasPriceLimit.md)
 - [RelayerInfo](docs/RelayerInfo.md)
 - [RelayerUpdate](docs/RelayerUpdate.md)
 - [RpcRequest](docs/RpcRequest.md)
 - [SendTxRequest](docs/SendTxRequest.md)
 - [SendTxResponse](docs/SendTxResponse.md)
 - [TransactionPriority](docs/TransactionPriority.md)
 - [TxStatus](docs/TxStatus.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author


